add remove_shipping_method (#13068)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

# 3.15.0 [Unreleased]

### Breaking changes

> Shipping methods can be removed by user after it has been assigned to a checkout `shipping_method_id` is no longer a  required field. `remove_shipping_method` has been added - #13068 by @FremahA

Reviewer: Slightly redacted to include API names, also we don't have to mention internal functions in this case as here we want to document changes that are observable by API users.
```suggestion
Shipping methods can be removed by the user after it has been assigned to a checkout; `shippingMethodId` is now a nullable input in the `checkoutShippingMethodUpdate` mutation.  - #13068 by @FremahA
```

Reviewer: Also it's not a breaking change, it can be moved to GraphQL API section.
